README.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2020-2021 Mirian Margiani
SPDX-License-Identifier: GFDL-1.3-or-later
-->

# 'About' page for Sailfish apps

This repo provides files to include a fancy "About" page with license and
contributors information in your Sailfish app.

## Screenshots

TBD.

## How to use

You do not need to clone this repository if you only intend to use the module in
another project. Simply download the
[latest release bundle](https://github.com/Pretty-SFOS/opal-about/releases/latest).

### Setup

Follow the main documentation for installing Opal modules
[in the Wiki](https://github.com/Pretty-SFOS/opal).

(You could use this module without including other Opal files but default
translations require some `pro`-file magic that is tedious to reimplement.)

### Configuration

See [`doc/gallery.qml`](doc/gallery.qml) for an example. Copy the file to get
started. Documentation is included in the release bundle and can be added to
QtCreator via Extras → Settings → Help → Documentation → Add.

## Development

Follow the main documentation for developing modules
[in the Wiki](https://github.com/Pretty-SFOS/opal).

## License

> Copyright (C) 2018-2021  Mirian Margiani
> Program: opal-about
>
> This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
> it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
> the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
> (at your option) any later version.
>
> This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
> but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
> MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
> GNU General Public License for more details.
>
> You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
> along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Add note about size to readme

README.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2020-2021 Mirian Margiani
SPDX-License-Identifier: GFDL-1.3-or-later
-->

# 'About' page for Sailfish apps

This repo provides files to include a fancy "About" page with license and
contributors information in your Sailfish app.

## Screenshots

TBD.

## How to use

You do not need to clone this repository if you only intend to use the module in
another project. Simply download the
[latest release bundle](https://github.com/Pretty-SFOS/opal-about/releases/latest).

### Setup

Follow the main documentation for installing Opal modules
[in the Wiki](https://github.com/Pretty-SFOS/opal).

(You could use this module without including other Opal files but default
translations require some `pro`-file magic that is tedious to reimplement.)

### Configuration

See [`doc/gallery.qml`](doc/gallery.qml) for an example. Copy the file to get
started. Documentation is included in the release bundle and can be added to
QtCreator via Extras → Settings → Help → Documentation → Add.

## Size

The release bundle without documentation comments and without unnecessary files
takes about 50 KiB. In comparison, a simple manually built "About" page with the
HTML version of the GNU GPL v3+ takes about 40 KiB.

The full source code is about 80 KiB in size.

## Development

Follow the main documentation for developing modules
[in the Wiki](https://github.com/Pretty-SFOS/opal).

## License

> Copyright (C) 2018-2021  Mirian Margiani
> Program: opal-about
>
> This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
> it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
> the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
> (at your option) any later version.
>
> This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
> but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
> MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
> GNU General Public License for more details.
>
> You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
> along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
